lost famished scared and drifting alone
in the open sea for almost four days on
a tiny raft and all that when she was
just 11 years old
that's the unbelievable but true story
of teri Jo du Perrault and you'll be
absolutely shocked when you hear all of
it the story begins like your typical
American dream it's 1961 and dr. Arthur
duper all a prominent optometrist from
Green Bay Wisconsin decided to take his
family of five on a long-awaited
vacation to the Bahamas for this he took
a luxury yacht from Fort Lauderdale
Florida to make the trip all the more
exciting apart from dr. duper alts wife
and their three kids there were his old
friend Julian Harvey and his young wife
dr. duper all took Harvey along as his
skipper because of his past as a marine
and World War two vet his experience at
the sails and expertise in navigation
gave everyone confidence that the voyage
would go marvelously and the trip was
going just as you could imagine sailing
across the sunny seas swimming in the
ocean
bathing in the Sun five days of maritime
paradise kids laughing adult smiling
everyone was happy or so it seemed the
events that followed our fit to make
your hair stand on end even now more
than fifty years later it's hard for
teri Jo to speak of what happened on the
fifth night and you really can't blame
her
the then 11-year old girl was awakened
by a commotion from above her cabin
she heard stomping on the deck and
recognized the voices alarmed by the
uproar teri Jo went outside her cabin
and onto the deck only to see Julian
Harvey
quickly walking towards her still
uncompressed him what was happening but
his only reply was an order to get back
below the deck frightened and shivering
teri Jo complied laid back into her bump
and waited all that followed was stark
silence it was only when her cabin
started filling with water that she
dared leave it again and take another
look at what was going on it turned out
that Harvey had opened up the Yahtzee
valves to sink it with everyone on board
there wouldn't be any radio calls for
help or a joint effort to keep the ship
from sinking crazed Harvey had taken
care of that possibility II and little
teri Jo were the only ones still alive
seeing that she'd shown up on deck again
a man approached her and gave her a rope
tied to a dinghy he told her to hold it
and that she did but when he left her
for a brief second what the girl did
next would end up saving her life in
that moment she let go of the rope and
the dinghy started floating away from
the yon RV panic and dove down into the
ocean to catch up with a dinghy
teri Jo however managed to keep her wits
about her and remembered there was a
small cork lifeboat on the yacht as well
she untied it threw it into the water on
the other side of the yacht so that
Harvey couldn't see her immediately and
escaped the horrible scene but the
11-year old girl still had more
surviving to do for the next three and a
half days she floated aimlessly on the
little cork raft that was becoming
flimsier and more deteriorated with each
passing day the nights were freezing yet
the scorching Sun beat down on her
during the day how the little girl
managed to hang on to dear life
is still beyond comprehension but she
was weak and her strength was fading
that was how a Greek freighter called
captain Theo found the little girl and
the ship's crew just couldn't believe
their eyes when they spotted her in the
tiny right lifeboat a small frail body
said all wet and completely exhausted
when the crew took her on board they saw
she was severely dehydrated sunburn and
fever the yacht the family had taken
which was called Bluebell was nowhere to
be seen
neither was Julie and Harvey's dinghy
they later found out Terry Joe had been
stranded for eighty-four grueling hours
in her little escape vessel with no
water food or shelter it was a miracle
that she managed to survive this ordeal
as well when she came back to the
mainland she was immediately rushed to
the hospital soon enough the photo
captain Theo's crew had taken of the
little survivor before pulling her up on
board as well as the story behind the
whole ordeal made headlines across the
world so what had happened onboard the
Blue Bell and how did a peaceful family
vacation go so terribly wrong as it
turned out the whole thing started with
Julian Harvey wanting to collect a
twenty thousand dollar life insurance
policy he'd drawn for his wife of just
four months it struck him as very
convenient that she should drown in the
ocean in an accident it was later
discovered he had been married five more
times before that being the sole
survivor of a car crash with one of his
wives and her mother and had lost two
sea vessels under suspicious
circumstances all these resulted in him
collecting sizable amounts of money for
the losses so the plot Harvey conspired
was rather simple to fake an accident
for his wife under the cover of night
while everyone else was on board asleep
in the morning he'd tell them that she
simply fell overboard and he couldn't
save her his plan however was the warded
when
the duper alts heard the commotion
that's when Harvey decided to get rid of
any witnesses on board and sink the boat
to conceal the evidence he was probably
getting ready to take care of the last
witness when he handed little Terry Joe
of that row still others believe that he
had planned to let the girl escape
because somewhere deep inside himself he
wanted to get caught
whatever the case Terry Joe duper all
escaped the man which would bring him to
his ultimate demise his dinghy had been
found three days earlier than Terry
Joe's raft another freighter the golf
lion picked Harvey up and gave him to
the US Coast Guard he told the
investigators that the blue bells masts
had been broken by strong winds in the
open sea as they fell they tore through
the yacht's Hall and made a hole in the
gas tank which started a fire according
to Harvey he was the only one left alive
no one suspected him of committing any
crimes yet after a few days however he
heard the news of teri Jo's miraculous
rescue that's when he knew there was no
real escape for him and he'd be brought
to justice for what he'd done he decided
he wouldn't let them get him alive so he
checked into a motel room and ended it
there that all happened in 1961 but no
one knew the whole story from the little
survivors point of view for twenty long
years
Terry Joe didn't want to speak about her
incredibly traumatic experience to
anyone she needed time to heal her
wounds in the 1980s
she finally found the strength to open
up a bit and discuss the tragic events
on the Blue Bell with a few of her close
friends eventually they convinced her to
seek some professional help and support
as well Terry Jo by then a young woman
already took their advice and decided it
was time to do something about her past
unsurprisingly it was still haunting her
she did get the right care and
at long last found some relief from what
she had survived all those years prior
and the peak of a recovery was a book
she wrote with the help of psychologist
dr. Richard Logan called
alone orphaned on the ocean it was
published in 2010 almost 50 years after
the events it describes but it still
chills the souls of everyone who reads
it teri Jo now goes by teri Jo do
Perrault Fassbender and her book is
signed as such she confesses that
writing it was the final step of her
healing process in one interview she
said that she hoped her book would also
help other people with traumatic
experiences overcome their tragedies and
live on it takes real strength of
character to not only survive such a
nightmare at just 11 years old but to
also talk publicly about such personal
events in your own life
teri Jo is living proof that nothing can
overcome the human will to survive and
keep moving forward do you know any
incredible stories of survival and
rescue share them in the comments below
if you learn something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we have over 2000 cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life